Azure AI Foundry blog post (#2859)
huggingface/blog: azure-ai-foundry.md

## It’s time to build - an expanded collaboration

2 years ago, Microsoft and Hugging Face [started a collaboration](https://huggingface.co/blog/hugging-face-endpoints-on-azure) to make open models more easily accessible on Azure - back then the Hub was home to 200,000 open models.

With now close to 2 million open models on Hugging Face, covering a wide diversity of tasks, modalities, domains and languages, it was time to take our collaboration to the next level. The new collaboration announced today creates a framework for mutual success to vastly expand how Azure customers can benefit from Hugging Face.

> "Open source is how AI moves faster—with transparency, choice, and community at its core. This collaboration represents our commitment to that momentum. By combining Hugging Face’s vibrant model ecosystem with Azure’s secure, enterprise-grade infrastructure, we’re giving developers the freedom to pick the best model for the job—and helping organizations innovate safely and at scale.”

-- _Asha Sharma, Corporate Vice President at Microsoft_

> Making more open models easily accessible to Azure customers, for secure deployment alongside company private data, will enable enterprises to build AI applications and agents while being fully in control of their technology and data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making more open models easily accessible to Azure customers, for secure deployment alongside company private data, will enable enterprises to build AI applications and agents that are protected by Azure’s enterprise safety, security and privacy capabilities.
```

Reviewer: in case you missed this edit from Azure. (IMO our version is better and I would keep it)

Reviewer: let's keep it without their comments in fact.
